# Business-opportunities-in-Qatar
Qatar is one of a growing Business country in the World, focusing on the growth and developments of their people. Qatar Government is trying to increase the standard of living.  Qatar offers all support for the business sector in highly developed economy, and the infrastructure and services match the highest international standards, and quality in service.  Different types of business booming in Qatar and give opportunity to many people.      Marine transportation is best way to help business for the transportation of goods through Sea. Marine companies in Qatar take a high risk process in which all the items are transported. Marine companies provide safe, environmental sustainable, reliable and quality shipping services in Qatar. Marine companies adapt different kinds of techniques to improve the quality of transfer. Marine companies in Qatar include onshore and offshore marine facilities to transport the Business equipment from Qatar or to other countries.     Food production in Qatar one of the leading businesses in Qatar, Food products supplied with high quality and safety, Hotels and restaurants in Qatar provide different kinds of food products. Restaurants are preparing different type of foods for all type of customers like Italian food, Chinese food and Indian food etc, Food production is a large scale business in Qatar. Like Food production Catering Services in Qatar offer food and services to hotels and other functions, People depend catering services for all function because of trust and quality in food and services.         Real estate is leading business in Qatar, Real estate business related to building or a land ready to buy or selling. . Real estate used for residential and industrial purposes. Real estate is actually a large area where renovated for building of other purposes in Qatar. Each day Qatar Economy is improving and new residences and building constructed, Large level of construction works are occurring in because of upcoming FIFA world cup 2022.Qatar is eagerly waiting for the great event hosted by Qatar. Construction works are increasing give opportunitiesto Engineers and other employees. Manpower supplier companies in Qatar get the job in construction fields.      For construction works Heavy equipment's are used and Heavy equipments Rental services are one of business chance in Qatar, Heavy equipments are used to reduce the effort of work and  time period. Heavy equipments rental companies supply the equipments with a standard rate.     Qatar waiting for welcoming FIFA world cup 2022,so the  construction works are occurring very quickly and Hotels and Restaurants are preparing for receive the guests.Qatar  is the platform of great business opportunities.
